hey guys I want to share with you a
really easy minestrone recipe that I
think tastes a lot like olive garden so
the first thing you want to do is add
about 3 tablespoons of olive oil to a
large pot to that you're going to add
onion I have about a cup and a half it's
a medium onion and garlic now you can
choose as much garlic as you like we put
in about a whole bulb of it we really
enjoy it though so you could do as
little or as much as you like and then
just start to sauté it until the onions
start to get a little soft to there
you're gonna add your veggies and this
is where you can kind of do whatever you
want we've got about a cup of green
beans I'm about a cup and a half of
green means a cup of celery and then
Deacon cut our zucchini but I've got
about a cup maybe a cup and a half of
zucchini see lookout cute he did a
pretty good job he'll actually he did a
really good job for being three now add
those veggies to your pot and stir them
up you're just gonna want to cook them
for maybe about five minutes on medium
then you're gonna need four cups of
vegetable broth and four cups of water a
can of white kidney beans and then
regular kidney beans and then two cans
of diced tomatoes and the 14 out sighs I
keep the juice in so I don't drain the
tomatoes about a cup of shredded carrot
and then you also need basil oregano
salt and pepper add the liquid to your
pot again it's four cups of vegetable
broth and you have to use vegetable
broth and then four cups of water add
your rinsed beans and then give it a
good stir to that chill add your carrot
again if you really like carrots add
lots of carrots if you don't like carrot
and no matter at all it's a very
flexible recipe now you're going to add
as much or as little of each of the
seasonings for the basil and oregano we
did about two teaspoons each the pepper
we go pretty light on just for the kids
so about a half of a teaspoon and then
about a teaspoon or so of salt so it
just it's all to your taste now add your
spices and give it a good stir and
you'll want to cook this and a very you
know low kind of summer before but you
know about medium heat for about a half
hour so until everything starts to
soft you know to sample green bean then
you want to add your spinach you can use
anywhere to three to four cups of
spinach it totally just depends on how
much your family likes it we personally
love spinach so we added you know closer
to four cups so as soon as you get all
of your spinach kind of wilted down so
that you have space of your plot again
you're going to want to add your pasta
this is the one that we're using shells
would be ideal Trader Joe's just didn't
happen to have them so this is what
we're using and we're using about three
quarters of a cup so you'll want to get
those all mixed in really well and then
just let them cook this could take
anywhere from 10 to 20 minutes depending
on your pasta just and how done you want
your pasta so it's just kind of up to
you and then we like it to be a little
bit harder of a soup less little less
brothy so this is the way we like ours
you could add more broth if you want it
and that's it that is the finished
product that is our my homemade
minestrone recipe we add Parmesan or
this is this is the one we use today it
was a VA home a manchego I'm not sure
anyways it's even better the next day
and it makes for a great freezer meal